README.md, before:

# Tetris Bane

_You'll yern for the regular tetris blocks._

**Tetris Bane** A Tetris clone with a deliberately frustrating set of blocks. There's also a classic mode for the purists and even a chill mode!

Written in Rust using SDL.

By Andrew Jones.

![Image of Classic Mode](./assets/screenshots/bane_mode.png)

## Requirments

* Rust development environment: https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started
* SDL libaries

    * MacOS:

        ```sh
        brew install sdl2 sdl2_mixer sdl2_ttf
        ```

   * For other platforms please see the [SDL page](https://www.libsdl.org/download-2.0.php) or your platform's package manager. SDL2, SDL2_mixer and SDL2_ttf are required.


## Compile and run

```sh
cargo run --release
```

Enjoy!

## Music Attribution

```
A Very Brady Special by Kevin MacLeod
Link: https://filmmusic.io/song/5760-a-very-brady-special
License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Midnight Tale by Kevin MacLeod
Link: https://incompetech.filmmusic.io/song/4710-midnight-tale
License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Ghost Dance by Kevin MacLeod
Link: https://incompetech.filmmusic.io/song/3802-ghost-dance
License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
```

Commit message:

Update Cargo.toml to use  vcpkg to manage sdl

README.md, after:

# Tetris Bane

_You'll yern for the regular tetris blocks._

**Tetris Bane** A Tetris clone with a deliberately frustrating set of blocks. There's also a classic mode for the purists and even a chill mode!

Written in Rust using SDL.

![Image of Classic Mode](./assets/screenshots/bane_mode.png)

## Requirments

* [Rust development environment](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started)
* vcpkg is used to manage the dependency on sdl:

```bash
cargo install cargo-vcpkg
cargo vcpkg build
```

## Compile and run

```bash
cargo run --release
```

Enjoy!

## Music Attribution

```
A Very Brady Special by Kevin MacLeod
Link: https://filmmusic.io/song/5760-a-very-brady-special
License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Midnight Tale by Kevin MacLeod
Link: https://incompetech.filmmusic.io/song/4710-midnight-tale
License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Ghost Dance by Kevin MacLeod
Link: https://incompetech.filmmusic.io/song/3802-ghost-dance
License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
```
